done PCM 13: Create system architecture diagram.

done PCM 14: Create database diagram.

done PCM 15: Add Hibernate configuration(pom and utils).

done PCM 16: Add Hibernate model.

PCM 17: Add generic repositories.

PCM 18: Create user menu.





PCM 1: As a user I should be able to add a new Veterinarian in the system by providing first name, last name, address and the speciality
      - The system should validate the first name, last name and speciality to not be empty or blank
      - The system should generate a new unique identification number

PCM 2: As a user I should be able to view all the Vets. Existing Vets should be listed on the screen.
      - Each line should show the Vet id, fist name, last name and speciality

PCM 3: As a user I should be able to update a Vet by providing a vet id and new values for first name, last name and speciality
      - The system should validate the first name, last name and speciality to not be empty or blank

PCM 4:  As a user I should be able to delete an existing Vet by providing the id of the Vet that I want to delete.

PCM 5: As a user I should be able to add a new Pet in the system by providing race, birthdate, if is vaccinated or not and the owner's name
      - The system should validate the race and the birthdate.
      - The system should generate a new unique identification number
      - In case of veterinarian id doesn't exist in the system (or referring to a previous one from another clinic),
      the system will show an error message and ask for the current veterinarian for the pet to be declared.

PCM 6: As a user I should be able to view all the Pets. Existing Pets should be listed on the screen.
      - Each line should show the Pet id, race, if is vaccinated or not, owner name and the assigned vet full name.

PCM 7: As a user I should be able to update a Pet by providing the id and the new values for owner,
        to know if is Vaccinated or not and new assigned veterinarian full name

PCM 8: As a user I should be able to delete an existing Pet by providing the id of the Pet that I want to delete

PCM 9:As a user, I should be able to schedule a new consult for existing pet by providing the pet id, assigned
      veterinarian id, date for the consult and a brief description for the reasons the ownerName scheduled a
      consult.
      The system should validate the description also to not be empty or blank.
      In case of pet id doesn't exist in the system, the system will show an error message, and asks for a new pet
      entry to be created.

PCM 10: As a user I should be able to view all the consults. All the consults should be displayed on the screen
      - Each line should show the Vet full name, Pet name, date and the description.

PCM 11: As a user, I should be able to update the description of a consult by providing new information in the
        description field.
        The system should validate the pet description to not be empty or blank.

PCM 12: As a user, I should be able to import CSV files with existing data for veterinarians, pets and consults.



